>> Kyle Simpson: All right, any questions
about working with child processes?
>> Student: So
in production how would you handle this?
You would have some kind of load
balancer or hit up another?
>> Kyle Simpson: This isn't about
load balancing, this is load testing.
We're trying to crash the server.
And I'm just doing it in a really
cheap way, with child processes.
If you were really trying to hammer it,
you'd probably have some kind of
automation of a bunch of virtual machines.
And different hardware trying to
hammer it with tens of thousands
of requests at a time,
or something like that.
This is just to illustrating the idea
that you might wanna spin up things.
Where I got my first exposure
to child process management
before wasn't really from
a load testing perspective, but
certainly from a testing
at scale perspective.
I worked for a game company and
we had the game of Bingo.
And so we had some basic logic that
a player would take in terms of keeping
track of the numbers were that were
called or whether they called the bingo.
Or whether it was true or not or whatever.
So I coded this basic logic and
then I wrote a node thing
that would basically hammer our
server with like ten or 20,000.
And I would do more than one
player per child process, but
I would hammer the server with as many
players as I could spin it up to.
And I think I got it up to about 60,000
players hammering our production game
server before it really started to have
trouble keeping up or something like that.
But I've actually used this
in real world scenarios,
to try to kind of at-scale
be able to manage things.
A single node process is limited
by the synchrony of JavaScript
that it can only do so
many things at once.
So by spinning it up into,
even if you weren't doing one request
per child like we're doing here.
If you did ten children but
ten requests per child,
that's gonna be more concurrent,
more parallel than if you try to do all
100 of those in the same node process.
There are some benefits
in terms of load testing,
to being able to spin up child processes.
In terms of production systems, I can't
really come up with very many situations
where a live production system
would spawn off child processes.
If I needed to do that I would delegate to
somewhere lower in the stack below node,
in sort of a, but it certainly helps for
scripting and testing.
Yes?
>> Student2: I was just curious about
like what's the mechanism that's
actually causing it to fail?
Is it that the CPU on the machine
is just maxed out, or?
>> Kyle Simpson: In this particular case,
it was most likely,
I don't know exactly what this means,
but it was most likely that
the operating system refused to
spin up another child process.
So it literally just failed to
I don't think it was the web
server itself that crashed.
I think it was the child
process limitation.
Which is why I said before,
you wouldn't necessarily in a real load
testing scenario,
do like one per child process.
You would just kind of chunk them up, like
do a hundred requests for children, and
then do a couple hundred children
with a hundred request in each, or
something like that.
That'd be better usage of
your system resources.
Yes?
>> Student3: When you said you might
consider on a production situation
delegating some of these tasks
not to child processes but
somewhere lower on the stack.
Can you speak a little more to what sort
of alternatives you would consider like.
>> Kyle Simpson: Any other
non JavaScript language-
>> Student3: Fair enough.
>> Kyle Simpson: Right, I don't know
the go programming language but
I know that it's famously
good at threaded programming.
And if I needed to do some massive
parallel programming kind of thing
rather than spending up node processes
which are relatively kind of heavy.
I'd probably delegate to some highly
optimized system like Scala or
Gala, or something.
And have it do a bunch of really
efficient threaded programming.